# https-discord.com-api-webhooks-853495903770902568-RuRh3bv-5qfaYtWxlildHl2leIFuc2CRXy9mNxYKrxKnk2Yg
Rules ToS — https://discordapp.com/terms Guidelines— https://discordapp.com/guidelines  The following guidelines and rules have been implemented in the server to keep things clean and to create a good community environment. Every member must abide by the following guidelines and have a good time whilst in the server.  [1] Disruptive behavior is not tolerated. This includes, but is not limited to, spam, slurs/hate speech, harassment/insults, witch-hunting, and impersonation.  [2] Be cautious introducing discussions pertaining to gender, sexuality, religion, politics or race. These topics quickly turn into heated debates and generally do not belong on this server.  [3] Be mindful of channels and their uses. Please read the channel descriptions and pins.  [4] NSFW (Not Safe For Work) content is prohibited in non-marked nsfw text channels  [5] Begging, boosting, encouraging cheating, or organizing a trade for content is strictly forbidden  [6] Certain content (such as external Discord invites, scam links) is automatically removed, and certain restrictions (here/everyone pings, embeds, etc.) are automatically enforced. Purposeful attempts to circumvent these constraints will result in immediate removal from the server.  [9] Final verdict and rule interpretation is subject to staff decision keep an eye on for any changes to the rules.  HELP If you need help please reach out to @Kurai࿎ or @Peanut࿎ Mage for any question or concerns! much love and welcome to the server!
